=encoding utf8
=head1 Web::IRC - WI

Web::IRC tool has the goal of making communication better inside teams.

=head2 Description

Disclaimer: This software is in its early stages. Its a quick hack that still must be re-organized and some parts need re-architectured/decoupled so they can be independently replaced by other tools in other languages. Right now everything was done in perl, except the frontend that has javascript (Joose).

Since i am a long time IRC user and wanted to make communications better with my teammates, i created an irc server and called people to come in. In the first day a lot of people came in. Then less people were online day by day. Result: there was not much adoption. One of the reasons is: irc is old and "ugly". Right.

So i thought how can i make this better ? 

Some bad points in irc: 

- It has no historic logs: some people dont want idle inside channel. They want access to channel logs. So a web frontend could solve this problem. 

- It has no search: Standard irc has no search. One must grep their own logs.

So i created Web::IRC tool which has the pupose to bring the chat concept inside projects and lead to better communication across team members.

The Web::IRC tool also can be accessed from IRC and from Web. Web and IRC are integrated, so users can pick their favorite chatting tool. 

Web::IRC could have been a web only project. But thats too simple and too limited... everybody is doing it and there is no secret behind it specially after websockets were invented.

Many IRC users have nice scripts they dont want to leave behind, so Web::IRC was born.

I am very happy to have created this tool. It still needs a lot of polishing, but the proof of concept already proved to myself the tool can be achieved with *perl*!

=head3 Instructions

Create the database: createdb wi

xx. Alter env_vars.sh accordingly

xx. Start the servers:

    cd WI-IRC && sh start_server.sh
    cd WI-WWW-Mojo && sh start.sh

xx. Connect from irc. use port 40404: 
    
    /server localhost 40404
    /join #systems

xx. Connect from web. use port 8081. Create a new user with a password and some email. (No email will be sent).

    Enter the #systems chatroom and start talking.

=head3 Integrations

IRC: connect using irc or using web.

Youtube: The tool has integration with youtube, try to post a youtube url and see what happens ie: Hi checkout: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjEnjxCJq_0

Many other integrations will be added using the JooseLoader scripts concept which is already under use. Check out the frontend code.

Github Commits: Tool is under development. It will announce in configured channels whenever someone makes a github commit in configured repos.

=head3 LICENSE

GPL - keep the author and contributors name

=head4 AUTHOR

Hernan Lopes
